1) Clone the Repository:
    If you have anything(README.md) in the git repo, then start by cloning it to your local machine.
        git clone url

2) Navigate to the Repository Folder:
    Moved into clone Repo folder.
        cd foldername

3)Create a New Branch:
    Create and switch to a new branch where you add your local files.
        git checkout branch_name
        (switch to exisiting branch)

        OR 

        git checkout -b your-branch-name
        (The command git checkout -b your-branch-name is used in Git to create and switch to a new branch)

##NOTE: 
    If the file or folder is present in your main branch but not in your new-branch then you need to merge the new-branch.
    ->git checkout new-branch
    ->git merge main


4) Edit the file or flolder:
    Open folder and create new file or add files that has already been created.
    OR
    Open the file in your text editor and make changes and save the file.

5) Stage and Commit Changes:
    Stage all the files and commit them.
        git add .
        git commit -m "----"

7) Push the Branch to GitHub:
    Push your branch to the github repo.
        git push origin branch_name

8)Create a Pull Request(optional):
    To merge the your changes into the main branch;
    a)Go to your GitHub repo.
    b)You'll see a notification about your new branch. Click compare and pull request.
    c)Review your changes and click Create pull request.

9)Merge the Pull Request(optional):
    If you want to merge directly without a pull request, switch to the main branch locally and merge your branch.
        git checkout main
        git merge your-branch-name
    
    Then push the updated main branch to github.
        git push origin main

10) Delete the features/BSnotes Branch (Optional):
    If you no longer need the new-branch you have made after merging, you can delete it both locally and remotely:
    locally:
        git branch -d features/BSnotes

    Remotely:
        git push origin --delete features/BSnotes

